[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: Can you explain the map
state to props in MAP dispatch to props?
>> Brian: Let's actually go
use the connector, right?
This is making a special components
that's going to wrap our components.
Let's go use it, and if you still don't
understand it, let's talk about it
because I feel like it's really
abstract until we actually do it.
It's actually fairly, it's fairly well
like small in terms of what it does.
I hope that's enough hand waving for
you, and
if it still doesn't make sense after
we do it, let's talk about it.
>> Speaker 1: And any places that
we could be console logging to help
visualize some of this data flow?
>> Brian: You can certainly
do it in your reducer.
>> Brian: Console.log(state,
action), right?
That would be the place to do it,
but we're going
to use redux tool momentarily and you can
you can introspect using redux tools.
Okay, so
let's go make this work right now it's
just a store doing absolutely nothing.
So, we have to go do some, basically
bootstrapping of this really quick.
Let's go to client app.jsx.
>> Brian: And
we're gonna pull in store here.
So, up here we're going to pull in,
I'll just do a dent
here at the bottom Const Store
equals require, dot, slash store.
Const, actually what I wanted out of here
is, I just want to lower
case store really.
Remember that one that we just created,
we're just gonna pull that one out,
and I'm gonna do const
equals require('react-redux')
>> Brian: We're gonna use Provider
here in just a sec.
>> Brian: So, let's do this the easiest
way possible and will modify this later.
I like making sure that router is always
the root component of what I'm doing here,
so I'm actually in a rap app down here in
the render part, I'm gonna say provider.
>> Brian: Let's just do it
out there not a big deal.
JK, we're gonna do it right here.
Provider and
we're gonna say store equal store right?
>> Brian: Down here just
indent this little bit, and
then we're gonna /Provider right here,
so what is Provider?
Provider comes from react-redux
which we saw right here.
And what Provider is gonna do is
anytime you at you use the connector
it's going to automatically connect to
our redux store and pull in data for you.
But you have to give it
basically this top level so
that it can be able to manipulate
whatever you're doing.
>> Brian: So this is a little magical and
I really don't like magic if you've
ever talk to me about programming.
But it's pretty easy to
understand how it works too.
So, yeah.
Provider.
That needs to be closed too.
>> Speaker 3: I think there's an extra
angle bracket inside the curly
brace after store.
>> Brian: After store.
There it is.
Thank you.
Okay.
So Provider.
This is from reactor
redux it's gonna look for
your Redux store wherever it is, right?
And actually pass it in which is this,
right?
So this is our actual Redux store and now
this is going to make this available to
anywhere you requested inside of your app,
right?
So any place that we use connector
It's going to find our Redux store and
plug it in, right?
So again a little magical but
you just have to know that
it's gonna be passing your store
to wherever you ask for it.
So this is nice because now you don't
have this like magical store floating in
the ether that sometimes you say, hey
store give me stuff You just gonna plug it
in just where it's needed and everything
else doesn't even get to see it.
Which is a good thing because then you
don't get bugs we don't expect them.
So it's explicit and being explicit
this particular case is useful, okay.
So this is just making it available
now it's actually go use it.
>> Brian: So go into Header
>> Brian: Header.jsx.
And we're going to pull it in here.
So I want to bring in, const { connector
} = require('./Store'}.
This is the The connector
wrapper that we wrote.
>> Brian: And the really easy way to
do this is when we're doing module
that exports down here.
You can just do connector header.
This is going to wrap it with our,
our map state to props,
map to station, dispatch to props.
So basically we're saying like this.
Stop props here and now we can also
say that down here a console dialog
this stop props dot search turn right.
And this is now going to work not
coming from like any other state.
It's gonna come from,
>> Brian: Our store
instead of coming from somewhere else and
react.
So this magically connected
us to a redux store.
>> Brian: Okay, so now all we have
to do here inside of header is
we're gonna say this stuff
this.props.searchterm.
Yeah, instead we're going to have
to use the one that comes from.
We actually got to be called the same
thing in a search term change
sets search terms.
Right So now this isn't coming
from our parent this is actually
coming from redux right So
this is actually called Set search term.
Right.
That's what we called it.
So it's going to set search term.
And that matches up to.
The function from store.
So let's just look over at store.
This matches up to this
function right here, right.
That's, that's the function we're calling.
>> Speaker 1: Which by the way needs
an arrow between the argument,
and the curly bracket.
>> Brian: Yeah you can do it that way to,
this or, this also works.
>> Speaker 1: I got an error.
>> Brian: Okay.
And that should work but that also works.
Same diff, but I believe
Okay so going back to header
which is where we were so
you understand where that
method is that we're calling.
It's coming from store And
now that we've called connector and
wrapped header, these things are being
injected into the properties.
That's what connector does is it grabs
these methods in the state that we want
and it injects that into our
reacts component from redux.
So it's the connector,
it's the glue between redux and react.
>> Brian: By the way,
if you're following my notes,
I'm a little off the beaten path,
by the way.
>> Brian: Okay, this all should work
I think the way that I have it here.
This needs to be setSearchTerm right here.
And I think after that we're all good.
>> Brian: Okay.
>> Brian: So, save that,
let's see if everything's working okay.
I have one error in store,
infix operators must be spaced, okay.
Line 9, store.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Brian: Is that what this was?
>> Speaker 1: Yeah.
>> Brian: Okay, cool.
Yeah I guess that would
be an fix OPERATOR OK so
yeah go over to your app real quick and
refresh go to browse all.
OK so now in your header here we should
be able to type and now not We anticipate
that we broke the search right because
we're no longer pulling in that state.
So we're no longer using the correct
state, we're not using the state
from redux, we're still depending
on it being there from react.
Right?
So now we have to go change that.
So in other words,
this is intended behavior so
far Let's take a second.
Does anyone have questions.
We're kind of halfway through this so
if some of this doesn't make sense,
let's maybe get a little
bit closer to the end.
And connect all the dots because I'm like
half way around the circle it's like,
hey these two dots don't connect.
And it's like, okay well,
we haven't actually connected them yet so.
>> Speaker 1: Somebody
wanted to see quickly where
you were creating a store again?
>> Brian: Sure.
>> Brian: Davide is saying that he's
getting an error that cannot see read,
create store.
So you have to do require redux up there.
That's the only reason I can.
Think of why you would see that.
So const redux equals require redux make
sure that's spelled correctly as well,
as well as down here,
redux dot createStore.